(Respect copyright)
笙ｪMemories hold you back from fulfilling your dreams笙ｪ
笙ｪOnly by moving forward can you find reunion笙ｪ
笙ｪEndings only mark new routes笙ｪ
笙ｪIt's all part of the scenery笙ｪ
笙ｪTo the horizon's call笙ｪ
笙ｪYour journey hasn't started笙ｪ
笙ｪTowards mountains, chase the stars bright笙ｪ
笙ｪLet time embrace you and wash away the past笙ｪ
笙ｪPut every twist behind you笙ｪ
笙ｪDrift leisurely through time笙ｪ
笙ｪMake headway against the wind笙ｪ
笙ｪLet mountains bow to your pace笙ｪ
笙ｪRush towards a life without regret笙ｪ
笙ｪLet your nature burst free笙ｪ
=The First Jasmine=
=Episode 31=
Do you remember this?
Back then, when I was being escorted back to the capital, I ran into you.
You threw me a packet of pastries.
If not for those pastries,
I'd have starved to death in the prison long ago.
The pastries were gone.
Only the wrapping paper remained.
I couldn't bear to throw it.
So I hid it away.
笙ｪWhy do you panic笙ｪ
笙ｪFor no reason, you pushed me away and left me笙ｪ
笙ｪAfraid we might start again笙ｪ
笙ｪChanging many things, right or wrong笙ｪ
Your debt is paid.
You need not force yourself
To stay by my side any longer.
笙ｪOur warmth will not be swallowed up笙ｪ
I cannot bear love
Offered as charity.
笙ｪThroughout this lifetime笙ｪ
笙ｪIn the end, we're together again笙ｪ
笙ｪCountless trials and pleadings, right or wrong笙ｪ
笙ｪTry to make this love quiet笙ｪ
笙ｪBut we fight back笙ｪ
笙ｪTo make it a tale to be told笙ｪ
(My virtuous wife, Ye Li:)
(With the matchmaker's help, we exchanged vows and were wed.)
(Our half-year of marriage is filled with endless joy.)
(Yet as feelings shifted with time, goodwill faded and estrangement grew.)
(This is no one's fault.)
(May we part in peace.)
(All your dowry and jewelry)
(will go to you entirely.)
(Land and property deeds)
(are all in your trousseau.)
(After we part ways,)
(may we both find joy)
(and harbor no resentment.)
(The world may turn;)
(this heart will not.)
(Sun and moon bear witness.)
(May we both find joy.)
(This bond is severed.)
(This writ is established, sealed by life and death.)
笙ｪSilently, we turn pain into joy笙ｪ
笙ｪYou reach out and pull me笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd I gently touch笙ｪ
笙ｪSmooth out the creases笙ｪ
笙ｪSo we can tightly fit together笙ｪ
笙ｪWithout you, there's no me笙ｪ
(Mo Xiuyao)
笙ｪFinds our places in an embrace笙ｪ
笙ｪFulfilling our wishes笙ｪ
笙ｪLovers remain calm and composed笙ｪ
笙ｪLike you, like me笙ｪ
笙ｪIt's like a fond dream笙ｪ
(Tuisi Pavilion)
(Letter of Divorcement. Ye Li, Mo Xiuyao)
It's so dark in here.
Let me open the door for you.
Staying shut in like this will make you sick.
Am I crazy?
Why do you say that?
I shouldn't be seeing you.
Only a crazy person can see herself.
You are just too lonely.
You should let Qingshuang stay with you.
But Qingshuang
Went back to her hometown.
Mo Xiuyao said
She won't be coming back.
He lied to you.
Qingshuang has come back.
My lady.
Qingshuang,
You're back?
You missed me, so I came back.
Li.
Your eyes are so red. Who upset you?
Tell me.
(To Mo Xiuyao)
笙ｪYou always love with pain笙ｪ
笙ｪForgetting you deserve to be loved too笙ｪ
Your Highness, are you going out without breakfast?
I'm not eating.
Then, where are you going?
You go ahead.
Yes.
笙ｪYou don't need to chase笙ｪ
笙ｪAfter clouds that winds pursue笙ｪ
笙ｪYou can silently watch each sunrise笙ｪ
笙ｪFinding happiness by your side笙ｪ
笙ｪYou don't need to chart a map笙ｪ
笙ｪOf every bend where love winds on笙ｪ
笙ｪNor travel far to guide its course笙ｪ
笙ｪTo make your heart笙ｪ
笙ｪWarm again笙ｪ
Aunt,
Where are you going?
Where are you going, Wuyou?
To school.
Children must study hard.
Let's go.
Your Highness,
Her Highness has left.
(To Mo Xiuyao) She left this.
笙ｪTime has kept some lines alive笙ｪ
笙ｪThey've recorded of your dreams笙ｪ
(To Mo Xiuyao)
笙ｪHow the snow on the peak buries the wounds笙ｪ
You're back.
Which one is this?
It's this one.
This one.
Let me see.
Untie this.
Do you want to go in and have a word?
No.
My lady, where are we going then?
Back to Lishan Mountain.
Back to Lishan Mountain?
That's great. I miss the Headmaster.
I miss the masters and seniors too.
I miss them too.
Let's go then.
Let's go.
笙ｪNo need to chase笙ｪ
笙ｪThat quiet and steady happiness笙ｪ
(Shende Shop)
Slow down.
Revenue Clerk Gu.
Revenue Clerk Gu, you're looking well today.
It seems good news brings a glow to the spirit.
Revenue Clerk Gu, do you have some good news to share?
What news could I have that you haven't already heard?
Judicial Clerk Zhang, aren't you asking
What you already know?
I heard that yesterday,
Zheng Zuoshi's verdict was handed down.
It's a done deal.
He failed his judicial duties, extorted property,
Helped Marquis Muyang forge evidence,
Covered up crimes,
Withheld Ministry of War documents,
And delayed military dispatches.
He has been sentenced to exile.
All embezzled and bribe money
Has been seized.
I heard His Majesty has sent people to look into officials
Tied to Marquis Muyang overnight
And purged over 20 from Imperial Court.
- Over 20 people? - Over 20 people?
Sun Tingyou, the Vice Minister of Rites,
And He Fangyuan, the Chief Secretary of War, were also among them.
A large number of court officials will be replaced.
Military Secretary Wang,
You've rendered a great service this time.
At the very least, you're due for a promotion.
When the time comes, don't forget
The bond of our colleagueship.
That's right.
We are colleagues.
Yes.
What are you waiting for? Want to lose your posts?
Get back to work quickly.
Look at you all.
Enough talk! Have you nothing to do?
Your Highness.
Jin, read the decree.
Yes.
To inherit the grand legacy
And rule over all lands,
The authority to reward and punish
Is the foundation of the state.
Regarding the case of Marquis Muyang and the Huaixi weaponry
And the assassination of Princess Lingyun of Cangbei,
Since the truth is clear,
You officials who have upheld justice and integrity,
Working tirelessly day and night,
Shall be promoted
To commend your merits.
Gu Zheng, Revenue Clerk of Jingzhao Prefecture,
Is loyal, diligent,
And meticulous.
He's promoted to Deputy Prefect of Jingzhao Prefecture
Of the Fourth Rank, Junior Lower
To oversee criminal justice in the capital region
And assist in moral cultivation.
Wang Suwu, Military Secretary of Jingzhao Prefecture,
Strict and fair in commanding
With merit in quelling rebels.
He's now Chief Secretary of War
With the added title of Closing Court Grand Master
To temporarily serve the Imperial Court of Judicial Review.
The other officials who contributed
Shall each receive 50 bolts of silk
And a one-rank salary raise
To reward their efforts.
We thank His Majesty for the great grace.
- Congratulations, Deputy Prefect Gu! - Congratulations!
Likewise. Likewise.
And congratulations to Chief Secretary Wang.
- Congratulations! - Congratulations!
See, wasn't my prediction correct?
Quiet!
All of you, get to work!
(Jingzhao Prefecture)
Your Highness, you aren't finished yet?
Is there something?
Indeed, there is something.
Speak.
With Marquis Muyang's fall, all Jingzhao officials received rewards.
Everyone is in high spirits and wants to go out and celebrate.
That's only right. You all go ahead.
Your Highness, come join us.
I won't. I still have official duties.
The major case is done. What urgent official duties could there be?
Your Highness, I just boasted in front of all of them,
Saying I would definitely be able to invite you
To join us for a couple of drinks.
If Your Highness doesn't go,
I will lose a lot of face as the new Deputy Prefect.
I said...
You all go on ahead.
I'll come find you if I get some time later.
Then we shall await Your Highness at Qingfeng Mingyue Tower.
(Jingzhao Prefecture)
Your Highness,
Will you stay here overnight again today?
You've been busy all day.
You've reviewed all today's documents
And sent up yesterday's. Why don't we...
Why don't we return to the mansion?
To Qingfeng Mingyue Tower.
Let's go.
Impressive!
Fill it up!
Come on!
Ladies, cheers!
- Drink! - Cheers!
Chief Secretary Wang.
Alright.
His Highness is here.
Quickly, make way.
Make way, make way.
And you all said I was boasting.
His Highness is here. See?
Your Highness.
Quickly.
Your Highness, please come in.
Please have a seat.
Please sit.
Sit.
Your Highness,
I must toast you.
Sit.
Your Highness.
Congratulations, Deputy Prefect Gu.
Thanks to you.
Your Highness, I want to toast you too.
I shall go first.
Your Highness, let me fill your cup.
Let me fill your cup.
Come on.
Why aren't you all hurrying over to toast?
Cheers!
Come on. Good wine!
Good wine!
I'll do it myself.
Your Highness.
Be careful.
Don't bother with me. You can go.
Your Highness, I'll fetch some water for you to wash your face.
No need.
Just go.
Thank you.
Li. Li.
(When you're away, you must be careful.)
Don't stand for too long, run or jump.
Don't engage in fights.
And don't act recklessly again.
(Starting today, you no longer need to take medicine.)
This room is too dark. It needs some light.
Then, drink this soup up.
Or I have to reheat it when it cools.
Could you come back and join us for dinner?
Let's eat, Li.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Li?
I bought you
The Eight-Treasure Duck from Qingfeng Mingyue Tower.
Eat it while it's hot.
Where are you?
No rush.
Actually, I also brought you two packs of candy.
Still no rush. I'll put them away for you first.
Where's the candy jar?
Can you tell me where you put your candy jar?
Found it.
Li,
I'll put them in one by one for you,
And you can eat them one by one.
You can eat the candy slowly.
But the Eight-Treasure Duck can't sit out for too long.
You can come out now.
Still hiding?
Alright, I'll wait for you.
I'll wait for you.
Li,
Don't hide.
I miss you.
My lady!
Your Highness.
Your High...
Your Highness, I'll go prepare some breakfast first.
(To Master Zhu, Lishan Academy)
Eat your soup.
You may go.
You have to rewrite.
Let me.
Luckily, the inside isn't wet.
Just sit tight and don't make trouble.
You may leave.
Yes.
(To Grandfather, Lishan Academy)
(To Master Helai, Lishan Academy)
(To He Minghui)
(To Senior Zhang Yu, Lishan Academy)
(To Senior Feng Yang, Lishan Academy)
(To Senior Cen Can, Lishan Academy)
(To Master Zhu, Lishan Academy)
(Master Zhu,)
(a month has flown by since I left the mountain.)
(I still recall your fondness for sweets.)
(I've collected dew from linden buds)
(and brewed it the old way.)
(I humbly hope you may enjoy it.)
(Dear Grandfather)
(I wonder if you're in good health)
(or if your old migraine has recurred.)
(Take great care of yourself.)
For Xiuyao's leg medication,
(Master Helai) the dosage and timing must be precise.
I've attached the prescription.
Please examine it, master,
To set my mind at ease.
Zhuang.
Your Highness?
Li has a senior named Li Feibai.
Where is he? How can I find him?
You're looking for Li Feibai?
Yes.
Where is Li Feibai?
Second floor.
It's you.
You're Li's senior.
What is it?
I have questions for you.
Li wrote so many letters.
Why were none of them sent out?
Look, they're for Headmaster Xu
And various masters.
So many of them, and none were sent.
She made some flower nectar.
She said it was for Master Zhu,
But the nectar is still in the mansion.
And Senior He's father
Wrote a family letter, entrusting Li to pass it on.
Now it's here too.
Why?
Where is Li? Where is she?
I'm asking you. Where is Li?
She left.
Left?
Why?
Where did she go?
You drove her away?
Answer me.
Did you drive her away?
Did she go back to Lishan?
Mo Xiuyao,
Since Li left the mountain,
She has spared no effort in healing your legs
And clearing the name of your household.
But what about you?
Is this how you repay her?
What did you promise her?
You said you'd never leave her, no matter what.
And what about now?
You drove her back to Lishan,
Leaving her alone on a desolate mountain.
What do you mean, leaving her alone on a desolate mountain?
What happened at Lishan?
Haven't you found out long ago?
Why else would you come to me?
I found out?
What did I find out?
You've been with Li day and night for so long.
Don't you know about Qingshuang?
Qingshuang?
(Since you know about Qingshuang,)
(you should understand what happened on Lishan Mountain.)
(He Minghui)
(I'm writing to my grandfather, the masters,)
And the seniors at Lishan Mountain.
It's been a long while since I last saw them.
They all must be missing me.
(To Master Zhu, Lishan Academy)
(Do you still feel lonely living in the mansion now?)
No. Plenty of people are in the mansion, after all.
Why, Your Highness?
You never feel lonely?
That's right.
And in the Lishan Academy?
Lishan Academy?
So many people are there.
Once I wake up, I'll spend hours just on meals,
Leaving me scarce time for rest.
No time for loneliness.
(Your hand is so cold.)
(Are you very cold?)
When I was on Lishan Mountain, I often couldn't sleep because of the cold.
Qingshuang always held me to sleep.
The moon above Lishan Mountain is so big.
Lying in the courtyard every night,
I felt as if it was embracing me.
(I love eating candy.)
(But on Lishan Mountain, there was no candy.)
(Mo Xiuyao,)
(you drove her back to Lishan,)
(leaving her alone on a desolate mountain.)
Your Highness? Your Highness?
Are you in there?
(To Grandfather, Lishan Academy) Come in.
Your Highness, are we still going...
To the prefectural office today?
Or shall I request a leave of absence on your behalf?
Help me wash up.
(Qiongying Residence)
My lady, His Highness is already waiting outside.
Yao?
Yao, you... What happened to you?
Ms. Wen, I must leave for a while.
Where are you going?
To Lishan Mountain.
Lishan Mountain? Are you going to find Li and bring her back?
Yes.
Good.
But Lishan Mountain is heavily guarded, and no one can enter without a decree.
How can you get up there?
Besides, the Jingzhao Prefect oversees the capital's safety.
Will His Majesty allow you to leave for a long time?
I shall petition His Majesty to release me from my post.
I will also request a pass to enter the mountain.
No matter what, I must go up Lishan Mountain.
Alright, go then.
Yao,
You must take good care of yourself.
You are still so young.
Ms. Wen, don't worry.
Go.
What has happened to you?
It's only been a few days, and you've become like this?
Thank you for your concern.
My father also developed gray hair at a young age.
It's an inherited condition.
And time does its part too.
Your Majesty need not worry.
What is the purpose of your visit?
I humbly beseech Your Majesty to grant me an imperial pass
To ascend Lishan Mountain.
You want to go up Lishan Mountain? Why?
Your Majesty,
I had a quarrel with my wife.
My rude words hurt her heart.
In her grief, she returned to Lishan Mountain.
But Lishan Mountain is still under lockdown.
She can return, but I cannot go up.
I have no other choice.
I could only come to beg Your Majesty for grace.
I do not know when I will return from this trip.
Jingzhao Prefecture's affairs are immense.
Deputy Prefect Gu Zheng is diligent and capable.
He can temporarily manage the routine matters.
Also,
Since I assumed the post of Jingzhao Prefect,
I've been lacking in talent and virtue, with mediocre achievements.
Coupled with my chronic illness, my energy is insufficient.
I fear I may fail Your Majesty.
I implore Your Majesty to find a worthy replacement
And let me step down as Jingzhao Prefect.
Mother, you have no idea.
In just a few days' time,
Xiuyao's hair has turned completely gray, like an old man.
When I asked him the reason,
He just said it was a hereditary condition.
I remember
His father indeed had hair as white as snow
Before he turned fifty.
But Xiuyao is in his prime, not yet thirty.
This is far too early.
Right. During his audience today,
He requested to resign as Jingzhao Prefect.
Resign?
Yes.
He said he quarreled with his wife
And wanted to find her on Lishan Mountain.
That sounds like an excuse.
The Marquis Muyang case has just ended.
Now the court is in a state of unrest.
I am worried
That Prince Ding choosing this moment to resign from a key capital post
Could be a strategic retreat.
Could there be more to this move by the couple than meets the eye?
It's not necessarily an excuse.
During Prince Ding's audience,
Aside from his hair, was his demeanor or complexion off?
When he came this morning,
His brow was heavy with pain and sorrow,
As if his wife's return to Lishan Mountain this time
Was due to some catastrophic event.
If you have doubts, just send someone to find out the truth.
Issue my decree.
Prince Ding is now the Pacification Commissioner
And granted a banner of authority.
He shall bring 50 bolts of silk, 100 taels of gold,
And a box of century-old ginseng
To visit Lishan on behalf of His Majesty
To demonstrate the imperial grace.
Shunxi, accompany Prince Ding on this trip.
Yes.
Sir, bring some flatbread over.
Alright.
Here you go.
Wait. It's one thing not to have pastries here,
But don't you even have any hot dishes?
Sir,
You can barely see anyone on this road.
Having a bowl of hot noodle soup from me is already a rare find.
Even some spiced meat would do.
This soup of yours is so watery.
I can see my reflection in it. How am I supposed to eat this?
Any random street stall in the capital
Has spiced meat on hand.
Sir, you jest.
How can my little stall compare to any shop in the capital?
How about I add some more chopped scallions for you?
(Preview)
Imperial Pacification Commissioner Prince Ding has come to pay a visit.
Why is there no one here at all?
If they're not at the academy, where else could they be?
I'm sorry, Li.
Yao, what exactly happened?
The entire Lishan Mountain
Has no one else except you.
No one?
How could there be no one?
笙ｪMemories hold you back from fulfilling your dreams笙ｪ
笙ｪOnly by moving forward can you find reunion笙ｪ
笙ｪEndings only mark new routes笙ｪ
笙ｪIt's all part of the scenery笙ｪ
笙ｪTo the horizon's call笙ｪ
笙ｪYour journey hasn't started笙ｪ
笙ｪTowards mountains, chase the stars bright笙ｪ
笙ｪBoth joy and grief make the trip worthwhile笙ｪ
笙ｪTrying to catch up to your own lost shadow笙ｪ
笙ｪWithin the wilds, echoes thrive笙ｪ
笙ｪClear mind leads to a clear path笙ｪ
笙ｪBe grateful to your losses笙ｪ
笙ｪMake your steps weightless笙ｪ
笙ｪTowards mountains, chase the stars bright笙ｪ
笙ｪLet time embrace you and wash away the past笙ｪ
笙ｪPut every twist behind you, drift leisurely through time笙ｪ
笙ｪMake headway against the wind, let mountains bow to your pace笙ｪ
笙ｪRush towards a life without regret笙ｪ
笙ｪLet your nature burst free笙ｪ
笙ｪUnbound by form笙ｪ